docs: add testnet deploy steps doc (#94)
renlabs-dev/torus-substrate: TESTNET_DEPLOY.md

# Testnet deploy steps

1. Checkout to the commit/branch that should be deployed with `git checkout <ref>`.
2. Do some last code checks.
    - Make sure all tests pass by running `cargo test`
    - Make sure the runtime migrations work by running `just try-runtime-upgrade-testnet`  

> 3. Create the release tag following the format `runtime/{test,main}net-{spec_version}`. Example: runtime/testnet-12 (the spec version can be found in `runtime/src/lib.rs` under the `runtime_macro!` call). This will trigger a Github Action that will build the runtime wasm binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the release tag following the format `runtime/{test,main}net-{spec_version}`. Example: runtime/testnet-12 (the spec version can be found in `runtime/src/lib.rs` under the `runtime_macro!` call). This will trigger a Github Action that builds the runtime WASM binary.
```

> 4. Download said runtime binary and check it's checksum.

Reviewer: Add the link to where the binary can be found and instruct to download the compact and compressed version. As well as how to test for the hash checksum (command and such)

5. Connect the Torus Testnet Root account to [Polkadot Developer Interface](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer) using the [PolkadotJS browser extension](https://polkadot.js.org/extension/).
    - Make sure the interface is configured to point to the Testnet by clicking on the left sidebar, scrolling all the way to the bottom and under the development tab it should be Custom with the address `wss://api.testnet.torus.network`.
6. Upload the code to the runtime using the [Polkadot Developer Interface](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer).
    - Click on the `Sudo` button under the `Developer` tab.
    - Select the `system` pallet and the `setCode` extrinsic.

>     - Select the .wasm file that comes with the .zip downloaded from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select the .wasm file that came from GitHub.
```

The `.zip` mention might mislead someone into thinking that you should upload the .zip file instead
